hey guys welcome to lingua Marina today
we're gonna talk about a phrase that you
use really often and we're gonna talk
about alternatives because saying I
don't know all the time it is really
boring
and there are amazing phrases used by
native speakers that would help you
replace this phrase and make your speech
more natural and more exciting to listen
to so if you're interested continue
watching this video
[Music]
by the way I'm filming this video from
Malibu we moved out of our apartment in
San Francisco and if you follow me on
instagram you already know that and
we're gonna be here we're gonna be in
California but we don't have a choice
right now we're just going from one
rental to another which is pretty cool
so if you want to see our journey follow
me on Instagram now let's get back to
art class when somebody asks you about
something you don't know you can reply
that's a good question I'll find out
that's a good question when I just
started my company MP education and we
sent people to study abroad there were a
lot of questions that came from our
customers that I didn't know the answer
to but if I just said I don't know
I would sound may be unprofessional
because as a professional study brought
it I had to no answer to that question
and that might have sounded a little
dismissive the client might have gotten
an impression that it didn't want to
help them so if you are working with
customers if you are trying to show that
you want to help the best response is
something that I've just mentioned
that's a good question I'll find out
sometimes saying I dunno just stops the
conversation and maybe that person who
is asking you a question
wants to continue talking to you and if
you want to continue this friendly
conversation you can say I have the
exact same question could ask you the
same question for example your friend
asks you when you think the quarantine
will be over when would we be able to
freely travel and I know Europeans are
already able to do that and you can say
I don't know because of course you don't
know what's gonna happen but if you want
to continue conversation you can say I
have the exact same question I had plans
to go to Europe this summer I had ones
to study abroad and you know I don't
want when this would be over I have my
flights booked my hotel booked and I'm
just sitting here and waiting so instead
of saying I don't know you would say I
have the exact same question and this
way the conversation would continue and
you would sound friendlier another
phrase is really conversational widely
used by native speakers is it a say
I don't know you can say I have no idea
I have no idea
and another phrase that is a little more
advanced don't say I have no clue I have
no clue where we are I have no clue is
basically the same as I have no idea it
just makes your speech a little
different the next phrase is rhetorical
it is a question that people don't
expect an answer to so for example when
somebody tells you do you know when the
stores are gonna open again you can say
who knows and the meaning is the same
I don't have a clue I don't know who
knows the next race is really informal
used by teenagers used by a lot of
people it sounds like I don't know but
it's a faster version of it so I was
like dunno right you know and it's
spelled with five letters only don't
know do you know when they serve MEK
breakfast in McDonald's don't know so
this is a fast phrase say me as I don't
know and it's really widespread among
teenagers the next phrase is why don't
we ask and then you insert somebody's
name hey why don't we ask her for
example you have this zoom meeting
because everything is happening in zoom
right now you have the zoom meeting with
your colleagues or with other students
from your group and somebody raises a
question when do you think we should
organize the next meeting if they
address this question to you you can say
why don't we ask Ben because Ben is the
one who's responsible for organizing all
of the meetings for a group and this way
you are owning the conversation instead
of saying I don't know you're actually
redirecting the question to another
person and you're kind of staying in
charge which is a great thing especially
in a group it's good when somebody is
navigating the questions so you can say
why don't we ask Ben Ben when do you
think we should organize the next
meeting your guess is as good as mine
your guess is as good as mine this
phrase is oh my god it's beautiful right
I would say I would use it if I was
making a movie if I was making a very
beautiful vlog I would say instead of
saying I don't know I'll say your guess
is good
that means that I have no idea as well I
have no answer to your question and I
could only guess and my guess would be
as good as yours and your guess would be
as good as mine
if you're really annoyed by somebody's
question somebody has been asking you
this question every single day you know
babies or kids they love to ask the same
question for example when you're in the
airplane and you're waiting to take off
the kids would be like when would we
take off won't let me take them I
remember myself doing that and when
you're flying the kids would be like
when are we gonna arrive but are we
gonna rest kids are amazing but there
are some people who are annoying asking
the same question you can get back to
them with a phrase how should I know
should I know like why do you think I
should have this information you asked
me yesterday I told you I don't know you
asked me the day before yesterday I told
you who knows you know you answered with
the phrases that we learned in this
class and when you're so annoyed with a
question you can just say how should I
know
come on why do you think I have this
knowledge and I want to wrap up this
class with a phrase that you can use if
you have some information but you're
unsure you can introduce this
information by saying as far as I know
as far as I'm concerned as far as I know
so when do you think we'll be able to
fly to the US again as far as I know San
Francisco International Airport is
launching three flights to Munich a week
starting June 14th and this is
information that I got from a reliable
media so as far as I know mid-june let's
keep our fingers crossed if you want to
learn more words used by native speakers
if you want to learn mobile cavalry make
sure to check out the link below it's
English taught online and this is where
I've uploaded my english-language
handbook which has over a thousand words
used by native speakers most common
English words it's gonna teach you a lot
of idioms and phrasal verbs I think it's
one of the best work groups for English
language students it has over 180 pages
of content the link is below and thank
you guys so much for watching this video
thank you for supporting me with your
likes and comments in the redbud
this below hit subscribe if you enjoy my
content and I will see a very soon in my
next vlogs bye bye